Welcome back everyone.
In the previous lecture we went ahead and read in the data pre processed it and then we train our model.
Let's go ahead and evaluate our model.
I'm gonna head back to that Uber notebook where we left off last time.
All right.
We just train our model.
Let's go ahead and read in those metrics are those losses based off the model history by saying PD.
That data frame and call it on Model history that history and we're going to do here is we could just
check out the metrics themselves by running it as such but it's probably more thing to plot them out
let's say metrics.
It's called columns real quick to save ourselves a little bit of typing.
We'll say metrics on and let's go ahead and grab you can grab all of them and then just delete some
of these so we'll paste that in and we'll compare accuracy versus validation accuracy and let's go ahead
and plot that out.
OK.
So it looks like the training actually continues to rise and the validation accuracy it looks like it
was also continuing to go up a little bit flattening out.
But remember we indicated that we wanted to stop based off the loss.
So that's going to be more informative of why we stopped training early so we'll say loss compared to
validation loss.
Go ahead and plot that out.
And here's a really indicative chart so we can see the training loss going down but we weren't getting
any improvement on the validation loss.
And in fact it looks like it were starting to go up.
So probably good idea to start ending training at around 70 epochs.
As always we can get the final evaluation metrics either by just looking at this last row in our data
frame or by saying model evaluate and we could evaluate on X test y cat test save or both is equal to
zero so you don't see a big printing output.
And if you run that it basically shows you back the same results.
So zero point nine eight five come back up here.
Notice zero point ninety five.
And then you have zero point six nine and there's zero point six nine.
So same results that are in the actual history.
Let's create a classification report and confusion matrix to further evaluate this scalar metrics in
import classification report confusion matrix it's actually get our predictions.
So that's model predict classes of X test and then we'll print out a classification report comparing
our true known values from my test.
In this case we don't pass on the categorical.
We just need the actual numbers versus our predictions.
Print that out and we can see our precision recall an f1 score as well as our overall accuracy.
So the things we want to think about is how good of an accuracy is.
Sixty nine percent accuracy.
Well the first thing you compare it to is just random guessing and because we have 10 classes here a
random guess has a 10 percent chance of being correct.
So we're getting sixty nine percent accuracy overall which means our models actually performing quite
well given the circumstances.
And here what's really nice about this classification report is I can take a look at what classes it's
actually not performing that well on you can see it tends to perform poorly on class number three.
And we can take a look at this and see 0 1 2 3.
So it looks like it has trouble with cats.
And if we take a look at if we have three here that's four five.
We have dogs.
Take a look back here.
You also know doesn't do that great on dogs.
In fact they perform very similar to each other.
And that's because when you blur an image so much that it's only 32 by 32.
Cats and dogs can look really similar to a computer.
So we actually would expect it to perform quite poorly.
Here you can see it performs quite well on class number one which is an automobile which apply the most
distinctive out of all these how reach.
Notice there's also trucks.
So the fact that it can perform automobiles so well given that there's already a truck category which
is quite similar to automobiles it's pretty impressive so we'll come back here.
Do you think can do as before is kind of you the actual predictions themselves how many you got right.
What it's actually mis classifying things as and as always you can say import seaborne as S.A. and then
say S.A. heat map on this confusion matrix pie make it a little larger will say BLT figure fig size
is equal to something like let's go ahead and say 10 by 6 run that.
And here what's kind of interesting is based off the color you can quickly see what it's misclassified
things.
So it looks like there is confusion between 3 and 5.
And we can get an annotation to see the actual number of misclassification here.
So you can see based off the color there is confusion between 3 and 5.
But come back here that was 0 1 2 3 cats versus dogs.
So it has trouble with these kind of small furry animals make sense they're quite similar and a 32 by
32 image.
But let's go ahead and see how it performs on just a single image.
So if we wanted to predict the single image we would just before grab a single image.
So someone returns back.
Here's my image data and recall this data has already been scaled.
So if they gave you a raw image you'd have to scale it by saying divide by two fifty five.
But what I can do here say guilty go ahead and show my image.
So here's my image.
I'm actually not sure what this is.
So we have to say why test at zero and that's three.
So that should be a cat.
We'll see how well it does.
Let's go to say model predict classes and thing is the only thing we have to make sure it was reshape
this correctly.
So it's one image 32 by 32 with three color channels.
Go ahead and run that.
And it looks like it predicted it quite well.
So that's kind of surprising because I myself wouldn't be able to predict this.
OK.
And I think the one we show in the actual data set or these solutions notebook is image number 16 which
is much clearer that it's a dog here.
And then we can run that against white tests or 16.
So that's a dog for the classes.
It also performs correctly.
So a pretty good performance considering the circumstances here.
Well we're going to cover next is how to deal with quote unquote real image data.
So typically your images you're not gonna be loading them with just a simple Kerry's call.
Instead you're probably going to be loading them from a folder a directory on your computer that has
some sort of J peg or P G files in the next lecture.
We're going to show you how to download the dataset that we work with and then the next subsequent lectures
will show you how to use Kerry's built in image generator and flow from directory functionalities to
actually work with real j peg and P G files.
Thanks and we'll see you at the next lecture.